Update trace flag doc for trace flag 2453 (#9820)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/database-console-commands/dbcc-traceon-trace-flags-transact-sql.md

| <a id="tf2451"></a>**2451** | Enables the equivalent of the last actual execution plan in `sys.dm_exec_query_plan_stats`.<br /><br />**Applies to:** [!INCLUDE [sql-server-2019](../../includes/sssql19-md.md)] and later versions.<br /><br />**Note:** Starting with [!INCLUDE [sql-server-2019](../../includes/sssql19-md.md)] to accomplish this at the database level, see the LAST_QUERY_PLAN_STATS option in [ALTER DATABASE SCOPED CONFIGURATION (Transact-SQL)](../statements/alter-database-scoped-configuration-transact-sql.md).<br /><br />**Scope:** Global only. |

> | <a id="tf2453"></a>**2453** | Allows a table variable to trigger recompile when enough number of rows are changed. For more information, see [KB2952444](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2952444).<br /><br />**Note:** Ensure that you thoroughly test this option, before rolling it into a production environment.<br /><br />**Scope:** Global or session or query (QUERYTRACEON). Starting with SQL Server 2019 (15.x), this became table variable deferred compilation Trace Flag 2453 has no effect. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a id="tf2453"></a>**2453** | Allows a table variable to trigger recompile when enough number of rows are changed. For more information, see [KB2952444](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2952444).<br /><br />**Note:** Ensure that you thoroughly test this option, before rolling it into a production environment. Starting with [!INCLUDE [sql-server-2019](../../includes/sssql19-md.md)], this became [table variable deferred compilation](../../relational-databases/performance/intelligent-query-processing-details.md#table-variable-deferred-compilation), and Trace Flag 2453 has no effect.<br /><br />**Scope:** Global or session or query (QUERYTRACEON). |
```
